*  We should have revise the spread sheet into two sheets and a linked narrative file:
 - One sheet would just focus on the narrow use case Site Disturbance Permit example of your bigger idea, providing the lower level details the subset of questions and corresponding actions by the software that will be deeply modeled and prototyped.  Tony indicated that would be about 4-5 core questions that are adequate to determine legally whether a site disturbance permit is needed or not based on a set of objective question to which users may provide machine-processable replies (eg "yes/no").  
- The other sheet would focus on all the data elements we believe we can access via OpenID Connect as part of the City of Boston pilot.  For the moment, this second sheet may be mostly blank, but be aware that as more data elements and types are added to the Boston pilot they can be leveraged also for your permit wizard and available to be prototyped in some way (probably at a high general design level) for the UMKC project.

The text file should describe your bigger idea that the Site Disturbance wizard is an example of and it is important that it include explicitly the intended "outcomes" resulting from deployment of your idea by the city and a small set of "testable success metrics" by which it can be objectively determined whether the new permit deployment of your idea has or has not achieved the expected outcomes.  

Be sure to state your assumption near the top of this narrative.  This gives us some basic context and to understand how the small prototype relates to the big idea and what the big idea is at the core of it.  If there is a site path or other prior engagement with the KCMO system that is  the user is assumed to have taken before they got to the point of engaging the Site Disturbance Wizard, then please describe the assumptions and what data or other trigger happened in order to result in routing the user to this Site Dist Permit wizard.  This does not go without saying because it is the fundamental method and mechanism and logic that drives the system.    

In general, this file needs to be a high level narrative of the essence of the big idea and it should describe how your idea is different from the current KCMO approach and how it is different from the City of Boston wizard.  That would include not just describing what your idea is not (ie it has been mentioned that the idea is not to be as complex as the Boston wizard) but more importantly the explanation needs to describe what the idea affirmatively is - how it is envisioned to work, in what way it would be an improvement over the current alternatives and in particular the narrative should conspicuously highlight how the Site Disturbance Permit wizard illustrates the larger idea.  This links the bigger idea to the thing being prototypes and ensures that you are prototyping something that in fact is going to advance building the thing that you propose.  

Here is the basic value and purpose of seeking the above narrative.  It results in a way to align what is coded to what is intended in a simple manner that all the students and others can see and learn.  Once the essence of the bigger idea is clear and explicit we can identify the salient aspect of the idea that relate to the prototype and can further enumerate testable success metrics that can be applied to the current or a future working code base needed to assess whether or the extent to which the implementation of software in practice achieves the design requirements or not.  I'd like to ensure that we have tests and success metrics defined for your project as part of our work leading up to and during the weekend.  Including a first draft of those in the narrative is the first step.

The other thing that would be valuable from the narrative doc is some more actionable information about how to show the bigger idea as part of a presentation and if possible to reflect it partly in the prototype.  To the extent the bigger idea for how the city could simplify/improve the permit process is general and can only be communicated by paragraphs of narrative text (eg telling the story from a user perspective or the story of value propositions, etc) then it would be good to simply provide links or file locations (if in Dropbox) to where the documents containing that text are or will be.  To the extent the larger idea can be communicated in more detail, then I recommend trying to prioritize descriptions as follows First: Any functions or user actions that can be reflected as *named* visual elements like buttons or other user touching interaction points (like pull down menus, ratings, etc) and based on that we may be able to depict those features of your idea superficially in some way on wireframes or mock-up screens that go along with the working prototype of the decision tree of the Site Disturbance Permit wizard.  Potentially, if you can describe top level menu items of buttons, etc, we could also use an HTML template tool to frame around the Site Dist Wizard and visually show those button or other user elements - but they would not be connected to working code of course.  Still, they can help tell the story of the big idea you have and how that logic and user experience is the bigger picture context within which the smaller single permit prototype exists.  I have a Python/Django tool that would work to customize a template for this purposes, if we knew the names of the buttons and other elements in the top or side frames. 
